Due to competition requirements: all image files had to be duplicated into the src folder; so both java and image files are under the src folder. 
Under src, Command F Java to quickly filter all files containing code.

•	Our software is an interactive math game for children between ages 8-12. The objective of this educational game is to teach children their basic arithmetic skills, whilst encouraging them with incentives and rewards. As the user navigates through the game, they are rewarded for completing levels, provided with positive feedback, and their skills become refined with each passing level. 
•	A version to run the software would be to have JAVA downloaded on their computer, save in a folder the zip file and unzip it, navigate to the command prompt, and navigate to where you saved the files using “cd *path to file*”. To run on the desktop, save the “Main_Game_file.csv” and the “Classroom.csv” on desktop, then click on the desktop image of “StickMan Math” button to actually run and play the game normally.
•	To compile the project, once inside the command prompt and having navigated to where the files are saved, type “javac main.java”.
•	To run the project, click on the desktop icon for “Stickman Math”. Make sure to save the “Main_Game_File.csv” and “Classroom.csv” files as well as “Stickman Math.jar”  somewhere on your desktop.
•	To use the software, begin by creating an account if you don’t already have one, login with said account, then click on the tutorial button to understand how to play the game. Once you understand how to play the game, play a new game by pressing the “new game” button, or play since the last save by pressing the “saved game” button. Users can also check the game's leaderboard by clicking on the “leaderboard” button. Once inside the world select screen, the user will be able to access all worlds and levels, which they have unlocked by defeating the level enemy. Once the level's enemy is defeated, the player's progress is saved, and they will be able to unlock the next level. At any moment, the player may be able to view their inventory, which can only hold 3 items max, or they may purchase items by clicking the shop button. Once opened, the player can purchase from an abundance of items, which include their stats, descriptions, and prices. Before battling an enemy, the player may use any of their purchased items, or solve a math question to deal damage to the enemy, wrong answers result in damage inflicted on the players' health. Players are rewarded for defeating each enemy with gold, which they can use to buy even more powerful items to help them on their quest to complete the game.
•	The software has the option of creating a new account or playing from an existing account. In both cases, they require a username and password. A saved account username and password one could use can be account: parsaTA and password : 12345678 
•	To access the teacher mode, a unique password and username is created for the teacher, which can be edited through the Main_Game_file.csv. Once this account is set up and logs into the game, a unique version will appear for them, which includes the “teacher mode” button for teachers to add and view their students. If a teacher wishes to add a student, they are prompted to create the student's username.
•	Access to the “debug mode”, can only be done if the account type is of type “Developer”, which can only be written directly into the “Main_Game_File.csv”, which only developers have access to. Developers can edit into this file, to choose their username, password, account type, levels unlocked, and gold. Etc. Once this account logs into the game, a unique button “debug mode” will be added, which the developer can choose to click. In this mode, the developer can play any level they have set as unlocked and can choose to turn the combat timer on or off or choose the number of items they wish to have, without needing to spend gold. If the developer doesn’t choose to press this button, they may play the game normally like any other player, testing any features they wish to test.
